there's a lot of stuff you do outside of your course work while you're
in college of course it's gonna be different for other people my first
years in college almost all my extra curricular activity was working
at well the local beer halls and then breaking up everything I
made working there in drinking the beer I can tell you that that was
not effective way to get through college after I came back from the
service I was married and very shortly after that I became a father
and so after that I had family duties that were my extra curricular
activities so if you think in terms of football weekends and homecoming
parties had nothing of that nature alive